    1. What is the title of the paper?

Title of the paper: 

    "Avoiding Pitfalls When Using Machine Learning in HCI Studies" by Vassilis Kostakos and Mirco Musolesi [2].

    2. What are some common use cases for machine learning in practical applications or research prototypes?

The modeling of human behavior is considered as a use case for the use of machine learning techniques. 
Moreover, the optimization and development of new types of user interface technologies is another area of application. 
Machine learning can here contribute to a wide variety of research projects. For example, how to reduce the battery consumption of a smartphone, 
the intelligent provision of mobile notifications or gesture recognition.

In addition, the topic of being able to predict how potential users will interact with the system or 
what activities will be carried out is an interesting research area. A milestone here is the development 
of systems that should anticipate possible actions.

    3. Which problems of machine learning do the authors of the paper identify? Explain one of them in detail.

The authors identified some of the following problems:

    - Machine learning prediction accuracy can't replace hypothesis testing and correlation/cause analyzes.
    - The results are difficult for researchers to interpret and therefore wrong conclusions can be drawn.
    - The training set used requires particular care (Reporting about results of both models: personalized and generic).
    - Machine learning results do not offer insights into causal relationships but rather show association relationships.
    - Depending on the experiment (controlled vs. non-controlled ) it is important to use different techniques.
    
The problem lies in the accuracy of a machine learning prediction, especially when it comes to analyzing human behavior. 
In this case, machine learning methods cannot replace proven methods such as hypothesis testing and correlation/cause analyzes. 
In interpreting their results, researchers must pay immense attention to how identified behavioral traits relate to users' actual emotions.
    
    4. What are the credentials of the authors with regard to machine learning? Have they published research on machine learning(or using machine-learning techniques) previously
    
Vassillis Kostakos (PhD) is Professor at the University of Melbourne for human computer interaction. 
He is one of the pioneering editors of publications of the ACM and was even able to win the 2014 "SIGCHI Best Talk Award". 
His research is mainly concerned with mobile technologies for smartphones, user-oriented design of systems and machine learning [3, 4]. 

Mirco Musolesi is a Professor of Computer Science at the University College in London and the University of Bologna. 
He is also a researcher at the Alan Turing Institute (National Institute for Data Science and 
Artificial Intelligence based in the UK). In his research, he primarily deals with machine learning and artificial intelligence, 
but also with computer models that depict human behavior [1].

Yes, they have published previously research (authors: Vassilis Kostakos & Mirco Musolesi). The following is a list of some examples:

    - Van Berkel, N., Goncalves, J., Hettiachchi, D., Wijenayake, S., Kelly, R. M., & Kostakos, V. (2019). Crowdsourcing perceptions of fair predictors for machine learning: A recidivism case study. Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction, 3(CSCW), 1-21.

    - Kostakos, V., Ferreira, D., Goncalves, J., and Hosio, S. Modelling smartphone usage: A Markov state transition model. Proc. of the 2016 International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing. ACM, New York, 2016.
    
    - Lopez, M. B., Hadid, A., Boutellaa, E., Goncalves, J., Kostakos, V., & Hosio, S. (2018). Kinship verification from facial images and videos: human versus machine. Machine Vision and Applications, 29(5), 873-890.

    - Mehrotra, A., Musolesi, M., Hendley, R., and Pejovic, V. Designing content-driven intelligent notification mechanism for mobile applications. Proc. of the 2016 International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing. ACM, New York, 2015.

    - Mehrotra, A., Hendley, R., & Musolesi, M. (2017). Interpretable machine learning for mobile notification management: An overview of prefminer. GetMobile: Mobile Computing and Communications, 21(2), 35-38.
    
For more information and a complete overview of previous and current publications:

    - Vassilis Kostakos: https://people.eng.unimelb.edu.au/vkostakos/publications.php

    - Mirco Musolesi: https://www.mircomusolesi.org/papers/

Source for this Assignment: 

1. Mirco Musolesi. (o. D.). Mirco Musolesi. Abgerufen am 22. Juni 2021, von https://www.mircomusolesi.org/

2. Vassilis Kostakos and Mirco Musolesi. 2017. Avoiding pitfalls when using machine learning in HCI studies. interactions 24, 4 (July-August 2017), 34–37. DOI:https://doi.org/10.1145/3085556

3. Vassilis Kostakos. (o. D.-a). Melbourne School of Population and Global Health. Abgerufen am 22. Juni 2021, von https://mspgh.unimelb.edu.au/digitalhealth-cre/people/chief-investigators/vassilis-kostakos

4. Vassilis Kostakos. (o. D.-b). Find an Expert. Abgerufen am 22. Juni 2021, von https://findanexpert.unimelb.edu.au/profile/799877-vassilis-kostakos
